## Berlin Part 2: Summer School

Part two of three is focused on the seven day summer school based on the [Mathematics of Complex Social Systems](https://mathplus.de/topic-development-lab/tes-summer-2022/summer-school/). This is the highlight and the main event for the trip to Berlin, something I am grateful for being a part of as it was competitive to get into.

Day one is here (Thursday 9th June) and it is the standard welcome and introduction to the summer school, followed with a who is who. Evidently, Steve and I came from England from the University of Surrey in the mathematics department. There were several students from the USA who had a background in psychology, and some students with social science backgrounds. It was a truly international event with students from USA to Cairo. 

Within day one we discussed a decision theatre for sustainable mobility, which is like a focus group that allows participants to experiment with mathematical models. It was very thought provoking when picking policies that should be implemented in order to improve CO2 emissions. This was followed by a talk by Iza Romanowska on agent-based models in archeology. This overlaps with the Workshop 3 (Part 1), and the talk was still just as interesting. I really liked how Romanowska applies agent-based models to her other field. The day concluded with a welcome reception, which allowed us to talk more with each other and a good networking opportunity. Some of us met up on a park afterwards to hang out together, which was very nice too.

The focus of days two and three (Friday 10th June, Monday 13th June) were on networks. Not my strongest and main interest for the summer school, but it was interesting. When I think about it, I can relate my badgers to a social network, where they are all linked in one way or another. Split with the theoretical stuff in the morning and the applications in the afternoon, we were able to use some applications, such as [Infomap Network Navigator](https://www.mapequation.org/navigator/) to investigate networks. 

Day four was all about opinion dynamics, with Sven Banisch leading the session. Banisch also spoke in Workshop 3 on the same topic so there was some overlap, which was useful as it gave me a preliminary understanding of the topic. I especially enjoyed the interaction part of this session as it allowed us to work in groups to create a model on opinion dynamics and to then develop it further. My group focused on how an outside media source can impact on the opinions of the agents in the model. We were able to show a negative media source has a negative influence on the opinions, and a positive media source has a positive influence on the opinions. This is not revolutionary but it gives room to expand the model further if we wanted too. 

This leads on to the next day, where we had a crash course on economic dynamics and using ABM lead by Joffa Applegate. I have never done economics before, so this was a very interesting session and I did not get as lost as I thought I might. Don’t get me wrong, there were a lot of parameters and equations to model different aspects of a chain but they all seemed to make sense. Similar to the opinion dynamics interactive session, we were in groups and investigating ready made code on an economic ABM. Our group were investigating the effects of having a base income in the session and then looking at how this influences supply and demand. The figures that I produced were not 100% correct, but I got the gist and were able to look at my groups results. Overall, an interesting day.

I was very much looking forward to day six, which was based on modelling collective movement with stochastic models with Pawel Romanczuk. His research focuses on the collective behaviour of animals such as flock of birds or a school of fish. Obviously, they consider attraction and repulsion within the model and it was stated that repulsion should be higher than attraction in order for them not to be on top of each other. This is something that I can take away for my own work, as originally I considered attraction and repulsion to have the same factor. The interactive part of the session was again very interesting, where the coding was done and we would change parameters to investigate the effects. This was a nice interactive session and it was easy to follow.

And before you know it, the final day had arrived. This day was only a half day, with a focus on seeing how the software QGIS is used for archeological data. Luckily, I had a basic understanding of QGIS as I have used it to plot some data. But it was nice to see it in use and I did learn some tricks that I can use to analyse my data. Overall, a nice and easy way to end the summer school.

I had such a great time and met some really lovely people. I definitely had lots of time to think of how the methods and topics can be incorporated into my research. One hundred percent glad I was chosen for the summer school and looking forward to see what impact it will have on my work.
