## National Student Chapter Conference (NSCC) Edinburgh 2022

Off I go again, and I only just got back from Berlin. So there I was, Wednesday morning, on a train to London to get the train up to Edinburgh from King's Cross. Whilst super excited for going to Edinburgh, the train strikes made travelling just that bit extra stressful. But, we roll, I got to Edinburgh and back all okay. 

And in good normal fashion, when I arrived, I went straight to the hotel and got changed into my running gear and went for an 8 mile run/walk around Edinburgh to see the sights! This included the palace (where the Queen is currently in residence), up and down Arthur's seat (an ancient Volcano!), to the castle and then up to Calton Hill. Edinburgh is such a lovely city with some amazing architecture! Definitely worth visiting if you have never been.

But the main reason for this trip was to attend the [National Student Chapter Conference (NSCC)](https://siam-ima.maxwell.ac.uk/nscc22). This is a student led conference, where the university has a SIAM Student Chapter. I was a bit nervous about going to this conference, since I had such a great time in Berlin at a focused workshop in comparison to the BAMC. But ... it was so much better! Whilst it was interdisciplinary, there was a range of topics. Some topics were not up my street, but there were others that I could get on board with. 

At this conference I applied to present my poster. It made sense since I already had the poster made and printed for Berlin. The poster session was at the end of the first day, but I had conversations throughout the day with people about it. I had some great conversations and I really know my work now, or I have been able to convince myself what is happening! Either way, I must have been convincing and had a good poster, since I came runner-up in the poster presentation! I was awarded with the book 50 Visions of Mathematics, which was donated by the IMA. 

Overall, a super positive experience in Edinburgh. The only downside, which I am gutted about, is that I had to miss Parkrun because of the change of train times! But I guess it is what it is, just means I have to go back to Edinburgh to do the Parkrun!
