## Berlin Part 1: Workshop on Stochastic modeling of complex social systems

What an adventure I have had over two weeks, so it seems only fair to talk about each aspect separately: the workshop, summer school and my adventures in Berlin. So, the first post of three is dedicated to [Workshop 3: Stochastic Modelling of Complex Social Systems](https://mathplus.de/topic-development-lab/tes-summer-2022/). The aim of the workshop was to provide an overview of stochastic modelling approaches for understanding complex social systems, such as agent-based modelling (ABM), network modelling and hybrid modelling approaches for multi-scale systems. 

The workshop was spread across two days (7-8 June 2022), which gave lots of time for interesting talks. The first talk by Frank Schweitzer was very thought provoking, called ‘Networks, agents, model selection: Quantifying the social dimension of citation behavior’. Schweitzer highlighted how researchers choose to cite papers, in order to increase their visibility in their field. 

Another interesting talk was on day 2 by Iza Romanowska called ‘ABM as a tool for interdisciplinary research’. Romanowska was an archeologist and transferred to the field of mathematics. They are now using ABM to model archeology. They are due to speak at the summer school too, which I was looking forward too. 

The main highlight of the workshop for me was the poster session in the evening of the first day. This was my first experience of creating a poster and presenting it to an audience (and an audience with similar interests). It was a lot of fun, and had some great conversations with fellow researchers. Another interesting poster was by Johannes Zonker, who presented a poster on ‘Agent-based modeling of hunter-gatherer societies and their cultural evolution’. Zonker also used energy potentials to model the hunter-gatherers and how they move based on land. So this was interesting as it links close to how I would like to model badgers. 

This workshop was a great experience, and I would go as far to say it was a lot better than the BAMC. I enjoyed the topics and I was with people of similar interests, whereas at the BAMC it was highly mixed and felt like a lot of people in the research field of fluids. A great networking event regardless, but I shall certainly bear this in mind when attending other conferences.
