## Summer Lovin'

Well, it has been a few months since I posted, so I thought it is definitely time for an update or two. So, what have I been up to since July? This is almost a two-sided coin: work side and fun side. Obviously, I have been doing research, but I have also been having fun. I shall start with the work side and end with all the adventures I have been up to.

The main bit of work I have been doing is completing my confirmation report, which I submitted for examination on Wednesday 12th October 2022. I am waiting for the day for the exam, but it is a big chunk of work done, so I am really happy about that. Other than that, in terms of work, I have just been plodding on with developing my model with the data from Woodchester. Still lots to do and another two years down the road!

Now ... the fun bit. It has been a few months, and they certainly have not been boring! Going back to the beginning of July (10th of July to be specific), a group from the office decided to go on a nice hike on what must have been one of the hottest days of the summer. We made sure there was at least a pit stop, and it happened to be at Silent Pool Gin Distillery. A very good choice indeed! 

Then, at the end of July, my boyfriend was participating in a 24 hour Karting event with his team up north in Middlesbrough. A certainly interesting experience, and a wet one. The race was called off at about 7am in the morning due to the condition on the track. Nevertheless, an enjoyable week up north, and I got the chance to go in the sea and have chips on the seaside. And some maths involved ... the hotel was right by the infinity bridge!  (In terms of work, I had handed in a very rough first draft for my confirmation in this week).

And with all the lovely weather we were having, why not have a BBQ? A group from the office (+Tom) decided to have a BBQ on the University at the BBQ stands. 

And of course, I went to see some musicals!! I went to see Sister Act with Beverly Knight and Jennifer Saunders in August. My friend Liv came to see me at the end of September and we went to see Dear Evan Hansen, which is set to close at the end of October. And then the following week my parents came to visit and my mum and I went to see Come From Away. I definitely have been getting my fill of seeing them!

What else? Tom and I recently went to an Adults Only Open Day at Miller's Ark Farm, and it was amazing! Such a great idea to have adults only. We were not disappointed at all. We got to go in the pen with a bull (a very tame one), sit with the goats and little piglets. And we got to hold a cockerel! Certainly not something you do every day. 

Oh, and one more thing. As of 23rd August 2022, I am an aunty! Baby Eve Katherine Hastie is absolutely adorable (even if I am a little biased) and very much looking forward to seeing her again at Christmas.
