## Spent some energy for a reward: VSM Research Symposium 

My latest outing did not take me far … only about 1.5 miles away from my house at the School of Veterinary Medicine. A one and a half day event, it was certainly intriguing and very challenging to the mind (especially since I am a mathematician and not a vet). Which may lead you to ask, why was I there? Well, my research project is joint between the department of mathematics and the vet school, so it seemed right that I present something.

I opted for a 15 minute talk but due to the popularity I had the choice of a recorded talk or a 5 minute talk. So, I chose the 5 minute in person talk. What I have learnt from the past few years with Covid, is that I do not like online lectures or recorded lectures. I feel you just don’t get the same out of it. So, I had the challenge of condensing my work into 5 minutes, whilst keeping in mind I would be presenting to a vet audience. 

I still had my poster that linked very well with the talk, so I did have it up during the poster presentation. It just gives me an extra chance to display my work. I also had some interesting conversations with some vets about what I have been doing and what my goal is.

But, the main focus of the event for me was my 5 minute presentation. And, as if I had channeled the title, I certainly got a reward for the energy I gave. My presentation was awarded one of the prizes for one of the best 5 minute oral presentations! I also had a lot of positive feedback from my supervisor and other PGRs.

It was a great experience, and I am so glad I had the opportunity to do it. It certainly helps me tick off my objectives for my first year: present at a focused mathematics conference (Berlin ✅), present at a broad mathematics conference (NSCC ✅) , and present to a vet audience (VSM R.S. ✅). Guess I should continue with my work now I have had the chance to present what I have done so far.
