## Berlin Part 3: My Adventures

Finally, this post is all about my adventures, as you wouldn’t go to a new country and not explore! I have never visited Germany before but I had certainly learnt about its history, including the history of the German Democratic Republic (GDR), or East Germany after the war as many might know it as. Either way, I knew I wanted to visit Berlin for its history alone. 
So surprisingly, as soon as I landed I checked in to the hotel and then headed straight to the zoo. Of course there are zoos in the UK, and I lived close to Chester zoo so I certainly frequented the zoo. But, one animal I had not seen was a giant panda, which are in Edinburgh zoo. Yet … Berlin zoo also have pandas! So clearly it was only right I went to the zoo to see the pandas and it certainly was worth it.

From there it was pretty obvious the sights that were needed to be seen, such as the Brandenburger Gate. But I thought I would wait till my friend arrived for the summer school before going to all the big sights. So I went to the least interesting parts that were linked to the GDR, like different parts of the wall and the DDR museum. It was nice to relive my history A-level. 

The main sights were seen over the weekend. I started the weekend with the clear choice, Parkrun. Who doesn’t love a 5k at 9am on a Saturday morning? Followed by a busy afternoon walking around East Gallery and visiting the Wall Museum, we finished our day at Checkpoint Charlie.

Sunday started in a similar way. At parkrun I meant a fellow Briton who mentioned there was a half marathon and 10k at Potsdam on the Sunday and they take on day registration. So there I was at Potsdam at 8am on a Sunday morning. It made sightseeing a lot easier as Potsdam also has a Brandenburger Gate, but definitely less magnificent than Berlin’s. I finished the 10k in 53 minutes and 40 seconds, which isn’t too bad for me given I was stopping to take pictures, which someone after the race did comment on. Following the race, I hired an E-scooter and did the rest of Potsdam in speed. My main places I wanted to see was Cecilienhof, which is where the superpowers decided how they would split Germany following the war. And I also wanted to see the bridge of spies, where a lot of information was exchanged during the period after the wall.  One final sight to see, which the back was on the run, was Schloss Sanssoci - a magnificent palace. My morning well spent. 

The Sunday afternoon was just as fast paced as the morning. With a quick shower at the hotel, I was back out for a walking tour of Berlin, organised by the summer school.  The route entailed the parliament buildings, the Reichstag, the Brandenburger Gate, the Holocaust memorial, Humboldt University and Museum Roundabout. Some lovely and interesting sights of Berlin.

Moving on to the final week in Berlin, one place that I had on my list to do was the TV Tower, or Berliner Fernsehturm in German. The tower itself was build during the DDR period, but it now stands for the unified Germany, with a 360-degree view of the whole city. The total height of the tower is about 368m, with the viewing platform at about 203m. So, on Monday evening at 20:00hrs a group of us decided to go up and see Berlin and sunset. If anyone is to visit Berlin, I would certainly recommend going at that time as you get to see that bit extra, i.e. the sunset. On the observation deck they have information about the key sights that can be seen from the tower. One thing that was clearly noticeable is that it is now a few years out of date. Something the tour guide on Sunday mentioned was that the city was constantly changing. So, on the information boards it showed the image with the palace in the stages of construction, whereas now it has been fully rebuilt. But it must be hard to keep up with these changes. It certainly was a lovely evening and nice to see Berlin from a different angle.

If you had not have guessed already, I do love to run. So, on Tuesday morning I decided to get up a little earlier and take the train to the central station and run back to the hotel via Brandenburger Gate and the Victory Column. I had initially planned to do it on the Wednesday but when I woke up on Tuesday the weather seemed perfect. I got to the Brandenburger Gate for about 7:00hrs, and as you can probably guess, there were very few people there. The perfect time to view it really as then you can appreciate the structure without the crowds. Running back, I did get slightly lost in Tier Garden, making my run just that little bit longer, but I got back in time to shower and get to the summer school. So a morning well spent.

Another sport that I am interested in, but I did not think I would do in Berlin, was to go swimming. Well, there was a group that did go for a swim in a lake (Krumme Lanke) before the start of the school on the Thursday and then I was in the group that went in the afternoon, after the school. I really wish that I had brought something with me as it did look really fun! But, I did have shorts in so I did stand in the lake, so I can say that I have been in a lake in Germany. It certainly seemed like a popular place to go, with lots of people swimming, on paddle boards, in a boat and others just relaxing and enjoying the atmosphere. It was a lovely way to end the day.

It is coming to the end of the summer school and there were some people due to leave right after the summer school, so some of us decided to meet at Templeholf Feld again for a picnic in the park. It was a really nice evening, with a nice game of frisbee and we even played some flunkyball with another group in the park. For those who don’t know, flunkyball is a drinking ball (also known as beer ball), where there are two teams, and the aim of the game is to knock over a bottle in the middle of the teams and drink your drink first. It was certainly an interesting game, but unfortunately our team did not win.

The final day of the summer school arrived and there were no plans set in stone for the evening. So, in the afternoon I decided to go visit the topography of terrors, a museum that details the terrors during the Nazi regime. Not the most fun museum, but certainly an eye opener of the awful things that happened. On to a more fun evening, a group of us met up and had a few drinks at a bar. It was a nice atmosphere and a nice goodbye to some of the others from the summer school.

And before you know it, it is the day to travel home. But not without Parkrun first! I knew I would not have had time to get to Parkrun and get back to the hotel and shower before check out, so I decided to give back and volunteer. I tried out a new role for me, timekeeping. It was a nice and easy role, and luckily in shade, as it was starting to get warm (so well done to all runners this morning)! I do love the feeling after volunteering and I am glad that I did it. After Parkrun, I had a little walk to a shopping centre to do any last pieces of shopping before heading for lunch and then the airport. Trying my best to keep in either the shade or an air-conditioned shop as it was 32 degrees outside (just a tad warm). But it was the perfect end to a perfect time away. I am looking forward to seeing where my next adventure leads me!
